# CarClaim

The Dataset contains information on policyholders having the attributes like policy tenure, age of the car, age of the car owner, the population density of the city, make and model of the car, power, engine type, etc, and the target variable indicating whether the policyholder files a claim in the next 6 months or not.
The Python Project aims to generate a model to predict the value target variable will take and evaluate their performance, and choose the model that's most appropriate.

## Variable --- Description

policy_id --- Unique identifier of the policyholder

policy_tenure --- Time period of the policy

age_of_car --- Normalized age of the car in years

age_of_policyholder --- Normalized age of policyholder in years

area_cluster --- Area cluster of the policyholder

population density --- Population density of the city (Policyholder City)

make --- Encoded manufacturer?company of the car

segment --- Segment of the car (A / B1 / B2 / C1 / C2)

model --- Encoded name of the car

fuel_type -- Type of fuel used by the car

max_torque --- Maximum Torque generated by the car (Nm@rpm)

max_power --- Maximum Power generated by the car (bhp@rpm)

engine_type --- Type of engine used in the car

airbags --- Number of airbags installed in the car

is_esc --- boolean flagindicating whether Electronic Stability Control (ESC) is present in the car or not.

is_adjustable_steering --- Boolean flag indicating whether parking sensors are present in the car or not.

is_tpms --- Boolean flag inidicating whether Tyre Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) is present in the car or not.

is_parking_sensors --- Boolean flag indicating whether parking sensors are present in the car or not.

is_parking_camera --- Boolean flag indicating whether parking camera is present in the car or not.

rear_brakes_type --- Type of brakes used in the rear of the car

displacement --- Engine displacement of the car (cc)

cylinder --- Number of cylinders present in the engine of the car

transmission_type --- Transmission type of the car

gear_box --- Number of gears in the car

steering_type --- Type of power steering present in the car.

turning_radius --- The space a vehicle needs to make a certain turn (in meters)

length ---  Length of the car (in millimetres)

width --- Width of the car(in mllimetres)

height --- Height of the car (in millimetres)

gross_weight --- The maximum allowable weight of the fully-loaded car, including passengers, cargo and equipment (kg)

is_front_fog_lights --- Boolean flag indicating whether front fog lights are available in the car or not.

is_rear_window_wiper --- Boolean flag indicating whether the rear window wiper is available in the car or not

is_rear_window_washer --- Boolean flag indicating whether rear windoww asher is available in the car or not

is_rear_window_defogger --- Boolean flag indicating whether rear window defogger is available in the car or not

is_brake_assist --- Boolean flag indicating whether the brake assistance feature is available in the car or not.

is_power_door_lock --- Boolean flag indicating whether a power door lock is available in the car or not.

is_central_locking --- Boolean flag indicating whether the central locking feature is available in the car or not.

is_power_steering --- Boolean flag indicating whether power steering is available in the car or not.

is_driver_seat_height_adjustable--- Boolean flag indicating whether the height of the driver seat is adjustable or not.

is_day_night_rear_view_mirror --- Boolean flag indicating whether day or night rear view mirror is present in the car or not.

is_ecw --- Boolean flag indicating whether Engine Check Warning (ECW) is available in the car or not.

is_speed_alert --- Boolean flag indicating whether the speed alert system is available in the car or not.

ncap_rating --- Safety rating given by Euro NCAP (out of 5)

is_claim --- Outcome: Boolean flag indicating whether the policyholder filed a claim in the next 6 months or not
